Hi, people, we're never going to do some
Pool pancake is because it had a
recipe much easier if you wanted
Come on, let's get a new one and I'll do it.
a force that will give a two three
pancake you can see that the egg everything
orange is not made another hit here one
A little yes I'll add two more
spoons of wheat flour
the shallow spoons
yea
get here
but a spoon and half sugar ratio
a two né cutters who was welcome
if you want to do it because it was chocolate
that will put todd you can put there
I know the delay is chic, huh?
It's too thick to be a mouth right.
Tocantins will make us go
add milk the milk agent eye
same is the care to not leave much
soft is not to touch it but even the two
also spoonfuls of milk or already it was well
Also here
Now I'm going to move a lot to listen to
decision to drink liquid was a
a little more is a little bit
because your colleague, I took it as a goal
work a little on a frying pan now
I'm going with a little confusing oil oil
and olive oil does fine, look thin
there was a bit of a confrontation with us
it's different, do not miss it
I do not look the child can close up the
kitchen teaches you today lets it go well on fire
down will not burn down will cook
I'm going to turn now
these politicians find ready ignores
mess and I'll eat more because you
you want fruit juices is to eat that with
a caramelized banana candy looks like
which is dark but that 's the way it is
I'll get some here or eat with
sweet banana and yummy than banana
melts a little more because it 's hot
the pancake people pluck easier than
do
Ok, so there's no excuse not to
understood that he would not have assaulted before
that everyone has a woman at home
very good indeed
make an ordinary banana
good because it starts to melt put
but ours is very good people, right?
as with caramel syrup is easily
very good so this is goodbye kiss